You have the nerve to say
Since Lin Wenli came to Boji Hall
You care about scum
Ever? He had a seizure before
What did you do as a mother?
What nonsense are you talking about?
It's okay if you don't care about his condition
Even his favorite platinum
You can't teach him well
Do you know how sad he was?
If it weren't for Lin Wenli
He's always happy.
I'll help scum out. What's wrong?
No, Jiangnan wouldn't write like this.
He never told me that either.
Of course you don't know!
Because he wouldn't dare!
He stopped talking.
Bad image in your heart
Even if he doesn't say
You are the biological mother
Didn't you notice?
This is my mother.
dereliction of duty
I will care more about him in the future
But these are things between our mother and daughter
What does it have to do with you?
Because I was always there for him.
Only I have the right to care about scum
What do you mean?
I care more about him than you do
He likes me, too.
Liu Hongtao
I warn you not to make up your mind about scum or else
I'll keep you from boxing for the rest of your life
You made me do this
Don't blame old love
Arts and Sciences
What are you doing?
The teacher is in the boxing gym these days
Thank you for your care and help
Oops, liberal arts
I'm too kind.
Let's go home
teacher